updated deployment support (#3716)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/deployments-support.mdx

## Gather basic information

Here's a sample message that should help gather the relevant information up-front (appropriate for `#community-support`, but if working in a private channel with a paid customer, remove some of the obvious questions).

> >👋 Are you self-hosting or on PostHog Cloud? (If self-hosting please answer below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>👋 Are you self-hosting or on PostHog Cloud? (if self-hosting please answer below)
```

>
>1. **What have you tried to solve the issue so far? How did that go?**
>2. Which cloud provider are you using? How many nodes are you running?
>3. Are you using our Helm chart to deploy PostHog? Have you make any customisations? Can you please share your `values.yaml` file?

> >4. Can you please share the logs from the affected pods?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>4. If you have any pod(s) erroring/restarting, can you please share the logs?
```

> >5. Do you have any kind of monitoring configured? (if not, you’ll need to configure this so we can debug in the future - Grafana is enabled by default [here](https://github.com/PostHog/charts-clickhouse/blob/a9df027e32456b5ac3b155515dc2569626632ba7/charts/posthog/Chart.yaml#L56-L60) in the chart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>5. Do you have any kind of monitoring configured? (if not, can you please enable at least Grafana and Prometheus in the `values.yaml` of the Helm chart?)
```

> >6. How many events are in clickhouse, and how many ingested last month?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>6. How many events are in ClickHouse, and how many were ingested last month?
```
